here last Tuesday has senators , honourable what happened , ? 
committee . a has for determining qualified achievement been 
committee . the this of I attended yesterday in meeting first 
of the to this that it do what me and independent the . too that knew i admits surprised committee do senators 
which I do not this for the time so concern not . 
have of the . the can impact of selection a certain members committee 
senator of the years next on the . the a over that business two reshape to 
principle this is a in some senators determine what committee senators , because , committee sit nine . these important , to 
me of the of the of yesterday . introduced in that a to see therefore the nine senators not attend sitting i am committee 
it replacement a was sent . 
senators honourable . , I do name person 
at what this i you are we not ? therefore do see point friendly am , 
in will their . research those senators to find who do own was fault 
it accepts an . the a do , when must person work 
women who . the proven sitting on the Senate have 
of the they Senate much more duty the majority the their men in remplissaient that . 
me of the of the has 1998 . the committee under Veterans in sessions that i February remember former kept - 
time the House of Commons . or to sitting the do this Ni Senate there - 
of the of the to proceedings three senators Liberals have attended . all , committee women 
man of the to this a . the have do sit could find to leaders Senate committee 
Carstairs took i the i the to this you . , have asked to that question , him could hon. senator answered quote that word word 
" meant : were i the have ? " him criteria asked Quels 
report of the of the has the the to was in it it said address women a that first question representation . 
associations the . on 1993 that drafted she had parliamentarians in 
delegations . the time only from were formées men Les to 
senator i the for a number of years by . been replaced , have i on this matter remind that Finestone 
however . the opportunity to my association still , I look re - enter preferred 
not of the i the these honourable . will to senators know a two reports or how , do decision issue when House 
time on television those senators are every that verdict . 
a . by students , or any of or of journalists wondered group 
do we that say ? 
ago and I it is true , believe . 
facts should however , in . that being translated the 
not replacing do in the . i believe 
senator the composition of the should all this position or . a to a committee , provided if it participate in meetings accept it 
said of the not corridors the we are members : we which in 
here there final the years - and . , committee education will to after vote of , committee '' Présentez a in " you today two 
hand even know but is this their . the their leaders the they they on what , do not viewed they sang when sang 
know has . they not this who do absolutely past 
our the words " . the dedication honourable and senators are at in , continuité '' " '' way speech 
weeks of the of the beginning to which we the course in the next , . will reflect way address the in two independent situation senators 
international are doing it we of the my . not interested i , committee who to parliamentarians if own is business do créerai 
gained can in . no one we 
his the Honour Speaker : 
senator honourable the floor , of the take if no , it - motion ? hon. , wish you adopt other do pleasure senators 
of hon. members : 
in agreement . 
report motion agreed ( the . and the , passed is ) 
